I love music.
When I sing,
I feel I can do or be anything;
it sets me free.
My classmates tell me
to pursue what I want,
and my teachers think
that I could have
a career doing what I love.
Wouldn’t it be
awesome to be
a famous musician
who is known by everyone?
I know I would
never leave Jehovah.
But would it be so wrong
to get my career sorted first,
and then serve Jehovah whole souled?
Now I have an offer
that can do that.
You see,
our family has never
had a lot of money,
and this could change everything.
We could be rich!
When I told dad
my plans
—how we could have
more money—
he was really grateful
I wanted to help.
He liked the idea
of using my talent.
But he also mentioned someone
who I had never thought about,
someone who had
many opportunities in life
and needed to make a choice
—Moses.
Dad left me to think
about Hebrews chapter 11
verses 24 to 26,
“By faith Moses,
when grown up,
“refused to be called
the son of Pharaoh’s daughter,
“choosing to be mistreated
with the people of God
“rather than to have
the temporary enjoyment of sin,
“because he considered
the reproach of the Christ
“to be riches greater than
the treasures of Egypt,
for he looked intently
toward the payment of the reward.”
Moses had it all.
Yet, he knew
that while living
in that Egyptian palace
he could never give Jehovah 100 percent.
There were
too many temptations
—idol worship,
spiritism, materialism.
He rejected
this lifestyle
and chose
to serve Jehovah.
Clearly, Moses made
the right career choice.
What would
my career be?
Even if I am successful,
is the dream that
they are selling me a reality?
Or will they throw me out as soon as
the next big thing comes along?
What are the risks
—immorality, materialism?
Would I have the strength
to resist these?
What a change one scripture
and thinking things through
can make.
My teachers and classmates
may never
understand why I chose
not to pursue a career in music.
But that’s OK.
The career I chose
gives me
purpose and happiness now
and has an eternal future.
Now, instead of being
the only thing I do in life,
teaching music helps me
to support my career, pioneering.
My life is free of regret.
What career choice
will you make?